fixing CI errors (#125)
facebookresearch/habitat-challenge: README.md

        ```dockerfile
        RUN /bin/bash -c ". activate habitat; pip install ifcfg torchvision tensorboard"
        ```

>     1. You change which `agent.py` is used in the Docker, modify the following lines and replace the first agent.py or submission.sh with your new files.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. You change which `agent.py` is used in the Docker, modify the following lines and replace the agent.py file with your new file:
```
